MB - Section Edits (#150)
hassanobeid1994/tr_b_causal_2020: article/sections/_7_latent_confounding.tex

\subsection{Latent Variable Models}
\label{intro-latent-models}
% TODO: Mechanics of how latent variable models control for unobserved confounding.

> Latent confounders are a special case of latent variables.
> Latent variables include both unobserved and not inherently unobserved variables.
> Examples of the former include measurements about happiness, lifestyle, economic expectation, morale, among many others.
> Examples of the latter include measurement errors (such as inexact measurements of key variables, data entry errors, or measurement inaccuracy), missing data, survey item non-response, among other possible examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latent confounders are a special case of latent variables, i.e. unobserved variables.
These include both psychological constructs and physically missing observations.
Psychological constructs include measurements about happiness, lifestyle, economic expectation, morale, among many others.
Physically missing observations include measurement errors (such as inexact measurements of key variables, data entry errors, or measurement inaccuracy), missing data, survey item non-response, among other possible examples
```

> Latent variable models are based on the assumption that observed variables are independent conditional on latent variables.

Reviewer: Hmm, that's not true in the case of ICLV's where the various latent variables are typically thought to be independent conditional on the observed variables.

Author: This can be resolved now, right?

Reviewer: Yep. See changes in #177. Thanks @bouzaghrane.

Examples of these models include ICLV, Generalized Linear Latent and Mixed Models (GLMM; including mixed logit models), Factor Analysis Models, and Latent Class Models.
Latent variable models have been used in multiple instances in the literature to address issues of latent confounding (see \citep{rosenbaum_rubin_83}, \citep{Liu2013}, and \citep{jung_etal_2020}).

ICLV models are an example of latent variable models that have been used in the transportation literature.

> ICLVs do a good job in addressing latent confounding.

Reviewer: Remove this sentence.

Author: Same as above, this can be resolved now.
